ITEM NAME: A tattered note

Were you looking for A Tattered Note?
Classic Era (added 1999-2000)


a tattered note


The Note is rolled up.
NO TRADE
WT: 0.0  Size: TINY


This item is typically associated with the entrance quest for new players to Norrath. 
There are additional iterations of this item for other quests, which can often show clarification through the use of an Identify spell. 

  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Guild Summons - Abbey of Deep Musing Cleric
 Guild Summons - Cauldron of Hate
 Guild Summons - Faydark's Champions
 Guild Summons - Hall of the Ebon Mask
 Guild Summons - Priests of Innoruuk
 Guild Summons - Rogues of the White Rose
 Guild Summons - Scouts of Tunare
 Guild Summons - Shamen of Justice
 Guild Summons - Soldiers of Tunare
 Guild Summons - Songweavers
 Guild Summons - The Dead Necromancer
 Guild Summons - The Dead Shadowknight
 Guild Summons - The Spurned Enchanter
 Guild Summons - The Spurned Magician
 Guild Summons - The Spurned Wizard
 Guild Summons - Wolves of the North 

  Book contents 
Guild Summons - Abbey of Deep Musing Cleric
Journey to the Abbey of Deep Musing, where Iony Gredlong awaits.  She is the Master Cleric of the Deep Muses.  Take this note to her, and she will instruct you further.
Cauldron of Hate
We, the Indigo Brotherhood, are the children of Innoruuk. He has blessed us well with Hate. Take this note to Seloxia Punox at the Cauldron of Hate. She will help train you to serve the will of Innoruuk.
Dark Reflection Cleric
You have chosen to become part of the Dark Reflection, and embrace the very shadows that have haunted and chased you your whole life.  There is no turning back know. . .seek out Evah Xokez, she will instruct you further.
Dark Reflection Enchanter
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Rilgor Plegnog is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Magician
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Vaenor Husga is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Necromancer
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Eonis Mournunder is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Rogue
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Kaxon Frennor is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Warrior
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Naygog Mitope is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Wizard
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Velena Corgtec is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Faydark's Champions
Hail young woodsman. If you wish to learn the ways of the Ranger, then join Faydark's Champions. Give this note to Master Ranger Maesyn Trueshot, and he will train you well.
Hall of the Ebon Mask
Come to the Hall of the Ebon Mask, Eolorn J'Axx has a job that requires your special talents. Take this note to him, and he will instruct you further.
Priests of Innoruuk
The Priests of Innoruuk embody the very essence of Hate. Join them at the Spires, and help their cause. Take this note to the High Priest Perrir Zexus, he will begin your training.
Rogues of the White Rose
If you wish join our cause, give this note to Dun McDowell. He likes to hang out behind Cappi's, near the docks.
Scouts of Tunare
Hail friend. I have use of someone with your skills and talents. Please, return this letter to me and join our cause. In return for your help, I will help train you and teach you the ways of our small association. --Tylfon
Shamen of Justice
Greetings, friend. Come join us at the Church of the Tribunal. Give this note to High Priestess Margyn. She will initiate you and teach the ways of The Six Hammers
Soldiers of Tunare
We are the Soldiers of Tunare, protectors of this great forest, known as the Faydark. Seek out the Heartwood Master, and give him this note. He will teach you the ways of Tunare.
Songweavers
Welcome young bard, to the woodland city of Kelethin. Seek out Sylia Windlehands and give this note to her. She will be your new teacher and trainer.
The Dead Necromancer
The Lodge of the Dead is now your home, and Xon Quexill your master. Take this note to him, and follow his orders.
The Dead Shadowknight
Follow your destiny into the Lodge of Dead and master your skills, dark knight. Seek out Nezzka Tolax, and give him this note. With his training, you will become a powerful soldier of Hate.
The Spurned Enchanter
Join the Spurned, and learn the ways of the Enchanter. Take this note to  Camia V'Retta at the Tower of the Spurned. She will help teach you the skills of the arcane.
The Spurned Magician
Seek out  Jayna D'Bious of the Spurned. She is the master magician in the Tower of the Spurned. Give her this note, and she will tutor you in the ways of magic.
The Spurned Wizard
Welcome young wizard. Come and join the Spurned, master wizard Gath N'Mare will teach you well. Take him this note to begin your studies.
Wolves of the North
Welcome. Bring this note to Kylan O'Danos, and he will train you in the ways of the Warrior. You find him at the Pit of Doom.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



