ITEM NAME: Brazier of Elemental Summoning


Brazier of Elemental Summoning


MAGIC ITEM
EXPENDABLE  Charges: 1
Effect:  Elemental: Fire (Any Slot, Casting Time: Instant) at Level 1
WT: 0.4  Size: SMALL
Class: ALL
Race: ALL


A fun powerleveling tool up to level 18 or so since the right-click can be activated by a level one character. Gave it a Gatorsmash Maul (30/70) and nothing else. It hit for 14 damage max. I can't speak for all weapons but it doesn't work with the maul for sure on Green. He then got mobbed and died after three kills to add insult to injury. -Green and Red usage - 25mdg+ weapons allow pet to hit for 40's tested on both green and red multiple times.
Not all weapons are useable by pets due to pets ignoring weapon delay. Certain high damage weps would be too powerful. Decent options for pet weps are Firerune Brand for a pet that hits in 40's, or an easier to acquire Bone Bladed Claymore for a pet that hits in the 30's. A pet set of Banded Armor and a pair of Platinum Fire Wedding Ring can get you some more mileage out of the pet. The junk armor from Droga is also useful for its AC and +HP. Pick up a Muzzle of Mardu from a 56+ mage. 
To be tested, Gigantic Zweihander
Worn Shai`din Naginata slashed for 75
Iceflame slaps for 71 
Vindication spanks for 71
Runed Frost Blade nices for 69
Polished Obsidian Great Axe gets the pet crackin' for 67
Sarnak Battlehammer hits for 61
Throneblade of the Ykesha hits for 61
Arbitor's Combine Greatsword hits for 61
Earthen Blade hits for 53
blade of xalgoz hits for 47
Can confirm that Blade of Xalgoz works with this - Earthen Blade will make pet hit in the 40's even at level 1. Suggest using a 20 - 25 dmg weapon to maximize pet's lethality. Great for use in Blackburrow, Steamfont (mino camp) or places you don't have to worry about trains - Daenyvar Na'Shezbaernon. 
Coldain Crossbow is very easy to acquire and hits for 61. 

  Drops From 
Upper Guk

 a froglok summoner

  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests. 
  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



