ITEM NAME: Geerloks Crafty Contraptions II



Geerloks Crafty Contraptions II


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Ak'Anon

 Rylin Coil



  (1469, -190)



  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Geerlok's Crafty Contraptions II
The alchemy set should help any aspiring alchemist in their ability to create useful potions. Using a
base model of ingredients (gears, sprockets, gnomish bolts) then fitting it onto the vials the basic set is
created. Maneater roots	are added to help enchant the vials.
ALCHEMY SET

 One set of gears
 One set of sprockets
 One set of gnomish bolts
 One set of vials
 One piece of Maneater Roots

The clockwork contraption should be every gnomes best friend! Using it will help you to place gears into any
project you are working on. Fitting the base model onto a set of contraption parts and then using some
waterlogged rigging as a pulley system, the contraption will begin to whir and buzz to life.
CLOCKWORK CONTRAPTION

 One set of gears
 One set of sprockets
 One set of gnomish bolts
 One set of contraption parts
 One waterlogged rigging

For the gnomes of Ak'Anon I dedicated the automated pestle! With it the pestle will stir inside of the
mortar automatically making the poisons easier to create. Taking the base model and adding it on top
of a pestle, and then using scorpion venom glands to enchant it the contraption is created.
AUTOMATED PESTLE

 One set of gears
 One set of sprockets
 One set of gnomish bolts
 One galvanized pestle
 One scorpion venom gland

Finally, for the casters of Ak'Anon I dedicate the automated quill. Studying and scribing spells can be
a long and arduous process. With the automated quill some of the writing can be accomplished automatically
making the process easier. Fitting the base model over a silver tipped quill, and then feeding the lexicon
excerpts into the reader the quill will know exactly what to write!
AUTOMATED QUILL

 One set of gears
 One set of sprockets
 One set of gnomish bolts
 One set of lexicon excerpts
 One silver tipped quill

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



