ITEM NAME: Interrogator's Briefing

Warrens Era (added spring 2001)


Interrogator's Briefing


The Book is closed.
LORE ITEM  NODROP
WT: 0.1  Size: TINY


 Item Lore (from Identify): Instructions for obtaining an Interrogator's Badge 

  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Qeynos Badge Quests 

  Book contents 
Interrogator's Apprentice 

Briefing
Secret: Your Eyes-Only
With the information gleaned from our investigator's we have learned that several members of the 
Bloodsabers have taken refuge in the Southern Plains of Karana. One man in particular,
a drifter who fled Qeynos when the arrests began, has information on the whereabouts of
two individuals whose actions resulted in the death of one of our most respected citizens
during the terrible events that transpired some time ago.
Due to his personality profile we suspect that this drifter will not divulge information 
willingly nor will he be willing to sign any confessions. More physical 
means of persuasion may be necessary to get him to comply. Keep in mind that interrogator's 
are only authorized to use non-deadly forms of physical persuasion during their interrogations.
You are to locate the interrogator in the Southern Plains of Karana
and give him this secret briefing document, which will identify you
as an interrogator apprentice. The interrogator will give you 
further instructions as you begin your hands on training. You are to follow his lead at all times.
Please Note: You should locate an investigator first and obtain an Unsigned Confession Document.
It will be needed provided you are able to gain this drifter's cooperation. Be alert and do not underestimate
these individuals. The dark power these Bloodsabers wield is indeed frightening.

In service of Qeynos, 
Bayle and the Council

Vegalys Keldrane,
Magistrate

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



