ITEM NAME: Journal of Gimblestan XV

Classic Era (added 1999-2000)


Journal of Gimblestan XV


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Ak'Anon

 Rylin Coil



  (1469, -190)


 The Overthere

 Tin Merchant V



  (2612, 2527)


 Steamfont Mountains

 Bom Knotwood



  (175, -875)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
From the notes of Gimblestan, First Assistant to King Ak-'Anon the XVII, Master of the Tinkering Arts.
Volume XV
[CONTINUED]
On a personal note, the chill which I felt creep up my spine
had nothing to do with the poor operating quality of my
THERMAL CLOAK. It has continued to function quite
well. The firewater flask, carefully positioned on my
belt, causes no hindrance to my movement, and the metal
rods sewn into the tattered gnomish cloak conduct the
heat quite well.
Transvin motioned for us to extinguish our lights.
Kneeling down, I handed him my new SPYGLASS to look
through. It seems to be working rather well. He
laughed at first, mistaking the body of my old
collapsible fishing pole. Once he peered through the
reflective shard, all jibing stopped. I believe that this
is one of by best works yet. The extra metal rod gives it
a good shell, while the bottle and the metal twine
hold and amplify the image seen through the reflective shard.
Once Transvin had scouted the terrain, we all hooked our
STALKING PROBES to him. I love these things - and wish
I had thought them up first. Another example of superior
gnomish technology. The only danger comes from putting
firewater on a scout. The two sets of gears, hooked to
the metal rod and bottle pose no danger in and of themselves.
I am worried, however, that one day a scout will burst
into flames as she lures prey back to us.
Such are the hazards of innovation. We have dubbed our minotaur Binky.
The end.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



