ITEM NAME: Journal Entry



Journal Entry


LORE ITEM  NO DROP
WT: 0.1  Size: TINY


Note: There are six items with this identical name (Crusader Nodfod 1-6).
These are found as groundspawn throughout the Crypt of Dalnir, and each chronicles a different day.
No purpose beyond hints for the Visceral Dagger, Greenmist, and flavor. 

  Drops From 
Crypt of Dalnir

 Ground Spawns

  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 The Visceral Dagger
 Spirit of Golin 

  Book contents 
Day 47
Crusader Golin and I have discovered what we believe to be the crypt of the ancient Haggle Baron Dalnir. It would seem as though the babble
of the goblin slave we caught and tortured turned out to be accurate. Unfortunately we must rest and plan our route into the depths of this beast. It is filled with
very dangerous creatures. Hopefully we can overcome the odds and find the final resting place of the Visceral Dagger and the Grand Forge.
Day 48
Blast! This IS the Crypt of Dalnir. We found the entrance which had the ancient Haggle Baron's name upon it. How foolish of the crypt keepers!
The Crypt is filled with croaks from many races. They seem to be in some sort of trance and far more powerful then they appear. We were about to
enter the main tomb when we were assaulted by the horde. Crusader Golin sustained a major gash on his shoulder. Before I could cauterize his
wound, blood flowed all over, even this entry. Tomorrow we shall try to enter the main tomb.
Day 49
We finally had an opportunity to make a run into the main tomb, but just as we had the sarcophagus in our sights, we fell through a
trap door hidden on the floor. We fell into what appears to be the true Crypt of Dalnir and also a haven for coerced sarnak! They were upon us in
no time. We ran, but found ourselves in an unholy church. We fought our way out, but just as we broke through, Golin's skull was punctured
by what appeared to be a rusted Crusader's khukri. I am now in hiding,praying to any god.
Day 49 Eve
The gods were listening. After many hours of hiding, it appears the beasts have gone to perform some sort of dark ritual in the church
we found earlier. I could hear the screams of a sacrifice and the chant of some unknown tongue. I did a reconnaissance of this level and found
no way out. The walls had tombs built into them as mortuaries do. None of the doors would open, but I did find one. I slid the sarcophagus out
with much effort. Before I could attempt to open it I was scared off by noises within the drawer.
Day 50
Found in the Crusader Room behind the table/bed.
 Item Lore (from Identify): Crusader Nodfod 5
What have I gotten myself into? Soon I shall be dead. After finding the secret passage through the drawer, I found myself in a pit of evil. I
crept through the shadows and came upon a locked door. I am no rogue. The door opened and a beast walked out, I spied the Grand Forge! Perhaps,
also, a way to escape this madness. There must a key around here somewhere! On the beasts perhaps. Even fragments which I could piece
together would do. I shall have to face great evil once more. Gods be with me once more.
Day 55
I have made my way past many locked doors and encountered great hordes of evil. The forge is here. Unfortunately I have learned that the
dagger is fragmented in the crypt. I lost much in here. My good friend and along with him the shard which may be a piece to a larger puzzle,
the khukri, Greenmist. I could never get that back. I would need to speak with the Brood and obtain a Crusader Coffin. But should I return to
Cabilis without the dagger, Qyzar would torture me. No! Here shall be my last stand!

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



