ITEM NAME: Journal of Gimblestan XXXIII



Journal of Gimblestan XXXIII


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Ak'Anon

 Rylin Coil



  (1469, -190)


 Steamfont Mountains

 a mechanical merchant



  (1622, -1728)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
From the notes of Gimblestan, First Assistant to King Ak-'Anon the XVII, Master of the Tinkering Arts.
Volume XXXIII
Although I'm sure they were sad to see us leave, the human crew who had brought us out into the Ocean of Tears
must have been very excited about our expedition as they eagerly tossed us into the lifeboat that would serve as
our base. As we dove deeper into the chilly waters I noticed Nantik was turning a much deeper shade of blue
than normal. It was then that I realized his AQUALUNG must be out of air. He had cleverly assembled this
breathing apparatus using fine coral mesh attached to a silk lined steel helm with some metal twine and gnomish
bolts. A metal rod served as the mouthpiece, with gills from a fresh fish inserted to filter the water. A quick
tug on his support wire shot him upwards where he managed to project a respectable 20ft from the surface before
landing near the boat. Hopefully I would have no such trouble as I had just recently made some
modifications to his breathing device producing an upgraded version, which I named a REBREATHER. Using
Nantik's original aqualung, I applied a lime coated meshing to absorb the unbreathable gases I expelled. The
sharkskin tubing connected the medium sized platemail helm I was using to an extra supply of firewater and was
held on tightly by a metal fastening. This allowed me to effectively use the same supply of air for a great
deal of time. As we reached the wreckage of the sunken vessel I was mindful to pickup a few pearls for my
friend Simpkin the jeweler.
He had just finished the initial design on his GEMCUTTER and was interested in using it to make those
wonderful pearl anaglyphs he is so fond of. By using a metal rod coated in diamond dust and held to a cam by a
metal fastening, his firewater powered apparatus was able to make precise cuts in even the tiniest gems
while only requiring a small bit of grease to reduce friction. At last we were ready to begin the salvage
operation. [CONTINUED]

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



