ITEM NAME: Journal of Gimblestan XIV

Classic Era (added 1999-2000)


Journal of Gimblestan XIV


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Ak'Anon

 Rylin Coil



  (1469, -190)


 Firiona Vie

 Leala Swiftarrow



  (-3299, 3338)


 Kael Drakkel

 Bendad the Trader



  (-1658, 1953)


 The Overthere

 Tin Merchant V



  (2612, 2527)


 Steamfont Mountains

 Bom Knotwood



  (175, -875)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
From the notes of Gimblestan, First Assistant to King Ak-'Anon the XVII, Master of the Tinkering Arts.
Volume XIV
Today our party embarked upon a quest of high adventure,
setting out to catch that most elusive of prey, the crafty
minotaur. Zookeeper Visgig had posted a rich reward for a
live capture - I believe that he is looking for a new zoo
exhibit. The rest of my party seemed to be interested in the
money; my reason was to field-test my latest inventions.
Once into the Steamfont Mountains, I produced the
first of my new toys, a portable location detection
unit. I call it a COMPASS, after my wife Compassvna,
who never can seem to orient her way anywhere. The design
is quite simple. Taking a pie tin, I filled it with a
flask of water. After running a static orb over an
old skewer, I stuck the skewer into a cork and
placed it in the pie tin. The others were quite
impressed with the functionality.
Journal Note: Transvin suggested a new device, a
MECHANICAL LOCKPICK. I think this could be
accomplished quite easily. Materials to try - lockpicks,
gears, sprockets. Perhaps a rat ear, for use in the
amplification of the sound. Must try to make one when we return.
As night approached, I brought out my FLAMELESS
TORCH. Yet another simple device I am surprised nobody
else thought of. Taking a large lantern, I removed the
regular fuel system and replaced it with a flask of
firewater. Wrapping it with metal twine produces a
gentle light, as the heat from the firewater causes
the twine to glow.
Our hunting party was very appreciative.
As we approached the minotaur settlement, our warriors
unstrung their bows. Jarnikiv, Master Fletcher, had provided us with a new
type of composite bow, one using CAMS. The gears and
gnomish bolts, once greased, gave our composite bows
range superior to our old recurve bows. With these
ready we crept stealthily through the night. Transvin,
scouting ahead, reported the far-off sound of minotaur singing.
[CONTINUED]

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



