ITEM NAME: Journal of Gimblestan XI



Journal of Gimblestan XI


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Ak'Anon

 Rylin Coil



  (1469, -190)


 Steamfont Mountains

 a mechanical merchant



  (1622, -1728)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
From the notes of Gimblestan, First Assistant to King Ak-'Anon the XVII, Master of the Tinkering Arts.
Volume XI
As previously mentioned, the fishing expedition had been planned for second-week, with a prize going to he clan that
could pull the most fish from the waters of our beloved Lake Tildunk. How could we resist such a contest?
It was a given that we would use our superior intellect to come up with a better way to win the competition. Snivlin
suggested the use of underwater explosives, claiming that we could catch the fish once they floated to the surface. This was
immediately voted down by the committee, since other groups might grab the fish we had used such innovation to catch.
I myself was leery, remembering the accident at the FIREWATER storage facility from the previous week. It seems some young gnome,
wanting to make FIREWORKS, had fixed the wrong ratio of water to gnomish spirits, resulting in unstable fuel for the
fireworks. When she later attached the bat wings to the metal shaft, the unstable firewater ignited prematurely,
sending the firework screaming into the storage facility.
The new storage cavern was a welcome addition to our city.
The committee finally decided upon a gadget of my own humble design for the contest: ANIMATED BAIT. Armed with
bits of cork and sprikets, we assembled mass quantities of this new style bait.
The final piece of work for the contest, and my personal favorite, is the COLLAPSIBLE FISHING POLE. Using three
metal rods and some gnomish bolts, I tinkered together a fishing pole that would fit inside of my belt pouch.
It was a good day to be a gnome.
The end.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



