ITEM NAME: Miners Guide to Toxicology



Miners Guide to Toxicology


WT: 0.1  Size: SMALL




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 North Kaladim

 Myre



  (570, 225)


 The Overthere

 Tin Merchant IV



  (2647, 2525)


 Skyshrine

 Barkeep Draven



  (496, -735)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Miner Maters Guide to Mineral Toxicology
WHITE LEAD
By combining LIMESTONE found on the coastal edge of the
Butcherblock Mountains with LEAD SULPHIDES I have created
a White Lead powder. Prolonged contact with one's
skin will begin to absorb the powder and cause severe pain
in the back and kidneys. Brell save the poor dwarf who
suffers from this malady thus ending his days of mining and
enjoying good Dwarven Ale.
LEAD PEROXIDE
This lead powder was discovered by a fortunate
accident. While experimenting with LEAD SULPHIDES I spilled
a bit of my favorite dwarven brew, the TUMPY TONIC into my
mortar and pestle. Much to my surprise the result was a
yellow lead that is absorbed through the flesh and attacks
the bloodstream much quicker than other forms of lead. The
results of contact with this toxin are severe head pains
and nervous agitation.
IRON SULPHIDE
While visiting a gnomish acquaintance of mine dabbling
in the same field of research I was shown a marvelous ore
indigenous to the Steamfont Mountains called Brimstone.
By combining some BRIMSTONE with two SMALL PIECES OF ORE
I discovered a substance that if inhaled will deaden the
sense of smell. If ingested or introduced into the blood
stream iron sulphide causes extreme body-wide pain that
has been described as feeling as if your very blood is on
fire.
QUICKSILVER
Of all the metals I have come across in my studies the
liquid metal Quicksilver is the most toxic. Strangely
the Kobolds were the first to begin using Quicksilver by
ingesting Cinnabar, the ore that Quicksilver is found in.
The beasts believe that it is a cure for disease and
fungal infections. In order to extract Quicksilver from
the ore the CINNABAR must be ground in a mortar and pestle
then distilled. The most effective way I have found of
distilling the cinnabar is soaking it in GNOMISH SPIRITS.
The result is a dense silvery liquid metal that corrodes
organic materials, including flesh and internal organs.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



