ITEM NAME: Note

Classic Era (added 1999-2000)


Note


LORE ITEM
WT: 0.0  Size: TINY


Note: There are several items with this same name. Use identify to tell them apart. 

  Drops From 
West Commonlands

 Duggin Scumber ("Note to Hall of Truth")

  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Deputy Tagil's Debt ("Note To Deputy Tagil")
 Zimel's Blades (SoulFire) ("Note To Altunic")
 Zimel's Blades (SoulFire) ("Returned Letter From Hayle")
 Book of Turmoil Quest ("Book of Turmoil")
 Book of Turmoil Quest ("renounce the D'al")
 Paladin Message ("Note to Hall of Truth")
 Words of Darkness Quest 

  Book contents 
Note To Deputy Tagil
Dearest Deputy Tagil, 
I know that you are busy, what with these Ogre sightings and all, but you still owe us for the Jumjum you damaged the other day. There is no rush. We just didn't want you to forget.
Best Wishes, Tagglefoot Farms

Note To Altunic
Altunic,
I have sent this squire to look into your problem for you. Hope to see you at services at the Temple of Marr.
Sir Merko Quetalis Hall of Truth

Returned Letter From Hayle
Ariska,
For your great service to the Temple of Life I shall honor your request and hold Soulfire until I see this note presented to me by either you or a noble courier of the Hall of Truth.
Brother Hayle

renounce the D'al
Rysva,
I urge you to break your vow of silence and renounce the dead D'al! Join those who follow Innoruuk, and do his will! Innoruuk
shall crush those who do not follow him, but if
you aid this person and give him that which he seeks, I am sure you will be forgiven and might then join me! 
- your brother, Lokar.

Book of Turmoil
I will not break my vow of silence, so I give you this note that you might read it. I will give you that which you seek, the Book of
Turmoil, but first you must slay my brother, for he has revealed who I truly am. I will never follow Innoruuk, and am forever a Scribe of D'al. Bring me the head of my brother and return to me this note. In return, I shall give you the book of Turmoil, one of the books in the Tome of Ages. If you need any other of these books restored, I will do so for 1000 platinum.

Note to Hall of Truth
Eestyana Naestra
Let it be known that the Shrine of Bertoxxulous has discovered our agent which infiltrated their ranks. It is now my belief that they will soon send word to Freeport and put your agent in jeopardy. Beware. Renic Losaren High Priest of Thunder Qeynos 

Words of Darkness Quest Note item is called A note. This is No Drop.
Reminder - Shadowed Book.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



