ITEM NAME: Old Folded Letter

Classic Era (added 1999-2000)


Old Folded Letter


The Note is rolled up.
NO TRADE
WT: 0.0  Size: TINY


This is the Guild Summons note for all evil starting Gnome Enchanters, Mages, Rogues, and Wizards. 

  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Guild Summons - Dark Reflection Enchanter
 Guild Summons - Dark Reflection Magician
 Guild Summons - Dark Reflection Rogue
 Guild Summons - Dark Reflection Wizard 

  Book contents 
Dark Reflection Enchanter
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Rilgor Plegnog is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Magician
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Vaenor Husga is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Rogue
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Kaxon Frennor is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.
Dark Reflection Wizard
In the mirror of this wretched society, we await. . .the time grows ever near, for us to shatter these rose-colored visions of Ak'Anon's citizens, and let their eyes fall upon the image of our true selves.  The Dark Reflection readies its soldiers of Bertoxxulous, hidden away deep beneath Ak'Anon, in the Mines of Malfunction.  Velena Corgtec is your new master now. . .do not keep him waiting.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



