ITEM NAME: Reconstructing Mythology, Notes

Paineel Era (added February 2000)


Reconstructing Mythology, Notes


The Book is closed.
WT: 1.0  Size: MEDIUM




  Drops From 
 None

  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Paineel

 Toryn Roltaire



  (1040, 641)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Page 1
Legend tells of a special crucible used by the ancients of the world to magically transport themselves from places to place.
We can recreate this effect using some heavy clay, sculpting tools, a bowl sketch, a spell scroll of Lesser Succour and just a dab of celestial essence.
Page 2
The bowl should be fired with a glaze to seal the scroll's energies. Use two portions of opal powder, to one measure of sarcoscypha fungus, with one measure of kunzar glue {kunzar fishbones baked with water}.
Opal powder is created by firing an opal with some acid.
Page 3
We are told, also, of magical rings that cause harm to their foes.
Perhaps one could try a lacquered gemstone with water, a small block of clay, a vial of cloudy (or clear?) mana and some celestial essence. Shaping the ring should be easy with sculpting tools.
Page 4
Lacquering is achieved by placing a gemstone with some lacquer into the jeweller's bag - it should produce the desired results.
Emeralds, fire opals, pearls, peridots and opals should work well for these rings; they lacquer most well of all gems.
Page 5
Perhaps most interesting of all are the myths of stones blessed by the Gods themselves, focal points for their energies.
Reconstruction of such a device could be achieved with an idol sketch, a large block of enchanted clay, celestial essence, distilled mana, water, scultping tools and the appropriate geographical essence.
Page 6
Fire the idol with divine crystalline glaze.
Page 7
Tests have shown that some of the following make excellent essences for their regions:
Black Roots, Stonefish, Glow Lichen, Hatch Dace, Barren Flounders, Clockwork Koi, Cinnamon Sticks, Surefall Sap, Thunder Salmon, Fishing Grubs, Cactii Pulp, and Sea Salt.
Page 8
The essence is released by brewing the base with a little water.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



