ITEM NAME: Sealed Note

Classic Era (added 1999-2000)


Sealed Note


MAGIC ITEM
WT: 0.1  Size: TINY
Class: ALL
Race: ALL


Note: There are many items with this identical name. Use identify to tell them apart. 

  Drops From 
Crushbone

 The Prophet ("Neriak Supply Note", use unknown)

West Commonlands

 Kizdean Gix ("Kizdean Gix Note", part of the Rogue Redemption quest)

  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Zimel's Blades (SoulFire) ("Zimel's Letter From Hayle", see also Note. This note is lore)

 Trooper's Pike (#4) ("To Moglok")

 Rogue Redemption ("Kizdean Gix Note")

 Hopeless Love, Part 1  Item Lore (from Identify): Love Letter To Milea 

  Book contents 
Kizdean Gix Note
Dearest Kizdean,
How dare you offer me this pitiful item.
I am power incarnate. I do not need such frilly items.
I lay waste to the strongest of adventurers who dare walk
through the burning fields and into my realm.
Bother me when you can fill this with priceless gems!! Fool!!
Lynada (Lynada is Lynada the exiled in Sol A, who drops a 'Sparkle' purse which seems to be the item she talks about in the note.)

 Zimel's Letter From Hayle 
Ariska,
For your great service to the Temple of Life I shall honor your request and hold Soulfire until I see this note presented to me by either you or a noble courier of the Hall of Truth.
Brother Hayle

 Neriak Supply Note
Lord High Prophet,
We wish to inform you of the alliance in our supply point.
We have made allies with the lovely fish. They shall keep our point safe.
We shall see you at the rock just before dawn.
Artellin D'Nev

 Love Letter to Milea
Dearest Milea, This is your love, Plagus Ladeson. I know we never had a chance, but perhaps we could try. I am a guild master in Freeport and plan on purchasing a nice cottage in the Commonlands. I will await your visit. Love Plagus

 To Moglok 
Trooper Moglok, I have sent you this skilled Footman. Use the Footman in any way you wish. Hopefully he will allow you to complete your mission for Warlord Hikyg.
Drill Master Kyg

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



