ITEM NAME: Talon Southpaw

Kunark Era (added 2000)


Talon Southpaw


LORE ITEM NO RENT
WT: 0.1  Size: TINY


 Item Lore (from Identify): Scribed by Rinmark This item appears to be written in Lizardman 

  Drops From 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc




 East Cabilis

 the Court Chronicler



  (351, 48)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Talon Southpaw

Talon Southpaw was the fastest pugilist ever to walk within the Court of Pain. His speed rivaled that of the great Grandmaster Tynn.
He could often be found within the local taverns demonstrating the awesome speed of his left fist.

Talon Southpaw came to rebirth within this caste. Although quick with fist and tail, the speed of his left arm was not to come to blossom
for a couple of decades past his rebirth. It was to follow his captivity by the accursed sarnak.

Soon after fulfilling the Rung of Tynn, Talon went on a wandering retreat into the dangerous outlands of Kunark. He was not heard from for a total of 5 seasons.
Upon his return to Cabilis he told of his captivity within an ancient city of the Iksar now claimed by the sarnak.

He told of intense torture.

He survived the ordeal.

He escaped from the claws of the sarnak with numerous scars which proved his painful ordeal. Most of the worst scars were never seen.

Talon wore a robe which he never removed. The scars underneath were for no lizard's eyes. His great perseverance gave him an inner strength no other monk could lay claim to.

He now possessed incredible, almost blinding speed with his left arm. He could trap a foe's arm with his left and strike with it as if he had a third arm!
He was indeed a paragon of the Swifttails. All in the empire either respected or feared him. None would spar him outside of the taverns. With grog comes stupidity.

Upon his death in Kurn, Grandmaster Tynn removed his hands in a private ceremony. Only Tynn was allowed to gaze upon Talon's body.
The fists were then sealed in a canopic which would stay within the Tower of Kurn. His body was dusted. This is his tale as told by Rinmark.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



