ITEM NAME: Vial of Velium Vapors

Velious Era (added December 2000-2001)
Vial of Velium Vapors


MAGIC ITEM  LORE ITEM  NO DROP
EXPENDABLE  Charges: 1
Effect: Thurgadin Gate (Any Slot, Casting Time: 10.0) at Level 5
WT: 1.0  Size: SMALL
Class: ALL
Race: ALL


 Item Lore (from Identify): Thurgadin Teleport Juice

AKA Thurg gate pot. With a minimal time and plat investment in Pottery, any character can make this useful consumable to escape from the deepest dungeon or highest plane. Melee characters who cannot cast Gate are especially encouraged to keep one handy, along with a Worker Sledgemallet and Leatherfoot Raider Skullcap. Confirmed level 5 can click 3/7/23.  Say "What velium vapors?" to Frundle Frenkler and receive the Velium Purifier.
 

  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Coldain Shawl #4: Fur-Lined Coldain Prayer Shawl

  Player crafted 
  Tradeskill recipes 
Step 1

 Combine a small (7 lb) Small Brick of Velium, 3 Crystalline Silk and 2 Glass Shard  in a pottery wheel. You will receive an Unfired Velium Vial.

 Pottery (Trivial: 122)
 Yield: Unfired Velium Vial x1
 In Pottery Wheel:


  3 x Crystalline Silk - Dropped
  2 x Glass Shard - Bought
  1 x Small Brick of Velium - Crafted, Dropped


Step 2

 Combine the Unfired Velium Vial and a High Quality Firing Sheet in the kiln and receive a Velium Vial.

 Pottery (Trivial: 122)
 Yield: Velium Vial x1
 In Kiln:


  1 x High Quality Firing Sheet - Bought
  1 x Unfired Velium Vial - Crafted


Step 3

 Get a Velium Purifier by asking Frundle Frenkler (a shopkeep near the church) "What velium vapors?".

Step 4

 Combine the Velium Vial and 2 Small Piece of Velium in the Velium Purifier. The Velium Purifier disappears and you are left with a Vial of Velium Vapors. The vial is a lore item and has one charge of gate to Thurgadin.

 Non-Tradeskill (Trivial: No-Fail)
 Yield: Vial of Velium Vapors x1
 In Velium Purifier:


  1 x Velium Vial - Crafted
  2 x Small Piece of Velium - Crafted, Dropped


The vial is trivial at skill 122.



